<!--These are notes on how to create a django site. I have made these notes to aid myself in future 
    site i might make-->

 add to line 27 --> DEBUG = True


step one:

.This section will have notes for starting the project so that mistakes dont get made

first create a new folder ( what ever location you choose to put it).
open it up in the workspace and create the enviroment to work in unless there is a built in enviroment.

python -m venv (.eviromentname) <--- creates the enviroment

then activate the enviroment and check there are no requirements installed into it with:

pip freeze

if no requirements are there then it means you have a clean enviroment to work in.
Start the project by installing the django requirement (what ever version you are working with) then add the
requirements installed to a requirements.txt file with:

pip freeze > requirements.txt

next lets start the project by doing:

django-admin startproject (project name) . <--- this dot is needed to create teh setting section of the project
and create the relevent files for the site such as a manage.py and db.sqlite3

next you want to create the env.py file to hold all the sensitive files such as keys and passwords

next remove the secet key from the settings and replace with os.environ.get("secret_key")

next just incase you need it for the project you need to create a super user to access the admin side of a
django site. to do this enter into the command terminal:

python manage.py makemigrations

then:
python manage.py migrate

then:
python manage.py createsuperuser

then follow the instructions provided in the terminal.

next lets create the git repository to start pushing to github.
Afer this is done we need to start creating the index page so create a new app and call it something relevent.
django-admin startapp (app name). Add the app name to the installed apps part of the settings.py.

github-cheat:

…or create a new repository on the command line
echo "# portfolio-site" >> README.md
git init
git add README.md
git commit -m "first commit"
git remote add origin https://github.com/Danhayes3008/portfolio-site.git
git push -u origin master
                
…or push an existing repository from the command line
git remote add origin https://github.com/Danhayes3008/portfolio-site.git
git push -u origin master
…or import code from another repository
You can initialize this repository with code from a Subversion, Mercurial, or TFS project.